adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
adaptive-icon;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\tabbar.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newslist.xml
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
androidhud.ProgressWheel;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
attr;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
attr;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
attr;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\values\mvxrecyclerviewbindingattributes.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
background;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\createloginview.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\homepageview123.xml
Button;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsdisplayview.xml
cache-path;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\50\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
CheckBox;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
color;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
corners;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
corners;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
corners;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\layoutborder.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
declare-styleable;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\values\mvxrecyclerviewbindingattributes.xml
EditText;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\createloginview.xml
EditText;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\homepageview123.xml
EditText;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
EditText;obj\Debug\90\res\layout-normal-land\homepageview123.xml
external-cache-path;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\50\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\50\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon.xml
foreground;obj\Debug\90\res\mipmap-anydpi-v26\icon_round.xml
FrameLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
gradient;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
gradient;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\layoutborder.xml
ImageButton;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
ImageButton;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
ImageButton;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\storycommentsection.xml
ImageView;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\item_contact.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
ImageView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
include;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
include;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\homepageview123.xml
include;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsdisplayview.xml
include;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
item;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\ids.xml
item;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
item;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\createloginview.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\dropdowncomments.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\homepageview123.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\item_contact.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsdisplayview.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\radiogrouppublishers.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\storycommentsection.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
LinearLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout-normal-land\homepageview123.xml
mvvmcross.droid.support.v7.recyclerview.MvxRecyclerView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
MvvmCross.Droid.Support.V7.RecyclerView.MvxRecyclerView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsdisplayview.xml
MvvmCross.Platforms.Android.Binding.Views.MvxListView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
paths;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\50\jl\res\xml\xamarin_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
ProgressBar;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
RelativeLayout;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\dropdowncomments.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\homepageview123.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\item_contact.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\radiogrouppublishers.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\storycommentsection.xml
RelativeLayout;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
resources;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\values\attrs.xml
resources;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\values\strings.xml
resources;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\ids.xml
resources;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\2\jl\res\values\mvxbindingattributes.xml
resources;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\3\jl\res\values\mvxrecyclerviewbindingattributes.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\colors.xml
resources;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
shape;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbg.xml
shape;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\drawable\roundedbgdark.xml
shape;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\background.xml
shape;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\layoutborder.xml
solid;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\background.xml
string;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\values\strings.xml
stroke;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\background.xml
stroke;obj\Debug\90\res\drawable\layoutborder.xml
style;obj\Debug\90\res\values\styles.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loading.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingimage.xml
TextView;C:\Users\Swifty\source\repos\PolitiQualityAlpha - Copy (2)\PolitiQualityAlpha\PolitiQualityAlpha.Android\obj\Debug\90\lp\1\jl\res\layout\loadingprogress.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\articleinforow.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\createloginview.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\dropdowncomments.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\filterview.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\item_contact.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\newsstoryview.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\storycommentsection.xml
TextView;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\toolbar.xml
Toolbar;obj\Debug\90\res\layout\createloginview.xml
